feature: add new issue template for creating new module (#283)
nf-core/modules: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new_module.md

---
name: New module
about: Suggest a new module for nf-core/modules
title: "new module: TOOL/SUBTOOL"
label: new module
---

<!--
# nf-core/modules new module suggestion

Hi there!

Thanks for suggesting a new module for the modules!
Please delete this text and anything that's not relevant from the template below:

Replace TOOL with the bioconda name for the tool in the following text, so that the link is functional.

Replace TOOL/SUBTOOL in the issue title so that it's understandable.
-->

> I think it would be good to have module for [TOOL](https://bioconda.github.io/recipes/TOOL/README.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I think it would be good to have a module for [TOOL](https://bioconda.github.io/recipes/TOOL/README.html)
```

- [ ] This module does not exist yet with the [`nf-core modules list`](https://github.com/nf-core/tools#list-modules) command

> - [ ] There is no [open pull requests](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/pulls) for this module
> - [ ] There is no [open issues](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/issues) for this module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] There is no [open pull request](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/pulls) for this module
- [ ] There is no [open issue](https://github.com/nf-core/modules/issues) for this module
```
